version 4.x to 5.0
  As before, please run MigrateV5 in both --init and --migrate modes. You will
  probably want to edit MigrateV5 before running in --migrate mode (see the
  code for details).

  Also, you must make a link to DisplayMeeting in your public area, if you have
  one.

  The major change from DocDB v4.x is the addition of the sign-off system.
  This  allows documents to be "signed" by users with "e-mail" accounts (which
  are slightly renamed). Updating or adding files to a document will clear all
  the  signatures. The variable $UseSignoffs in ProjectGlobals will turn this
  system on.

  Two other changes have been made. First, the meeting organizer now has
  security similar to documents. A meeting can be viewed by one list of groups
  and modified by another list. The change you will want to make in MigrateV5
  concerns how those lists are set by default. Second, there is a Note field
  added to each document revision. This is for tracking changes from one
  version to another. Unlike all the other info, it is *not* copied from
  revision to revision, but there is a link to click to insert the info from the
  previous revision.

  Several changes are needed or requested in ProjectRoutines. First, you must
  add a DocDBStyle routine which can be used to get the correct style (fonts,
  etc.) on pop-up windows. 

  Also, the LogOff function never worked and should be removed from
  DocDBNavBar.

  Several changes have been made to DocDBFooter in ProjectRoutines.pm.template.
  First, we've put a link to the DocDB home page. Also, several DocDB programs
  do benchmarking. Display of this information has been removed from those
  programs and is printed out by a few lines in the example DocDBFooter, as is
  the version of DocDB being used. Basically, please take a look at the template
  version of DocDBFooter and put those elements into your version as well.

  Only the addition of DocDBStyle is strictly needed, but we request you make
  the other changes as well so we can promote DocDB and easily understand what
  version you are running for debugging purposes.

version 3.x to 4.0

  Version 4 added the meeting organizer.
  
version 2.x to 3.0

  A number of things have changed starting with version 3.0:
  
     The first step in migration is to redo the database structure. This has to be
  done BEFORE the CGI code is upgraded. A script, MigrateV3, has been
  provided in the  scripts/ directory to make the required changes. Run this
  script first in  init mode: "MigrateV3 --u=username --p=password --a=init"
  where username and password are the MySQL username and password of the
  administrator for the DocDB or the MySQL root user. If your main DocDB
  administrator account is anything other than "docdbadm" you will want to edit
  this script before running it. 
     Run this script again, but this time instead of "init," select "migrate."
  This copies the relevant data into the new DB structure. 
     At this point it is safe to upgrade the CGI code. When you are sure
  everything is working well, you can run the MigrateV3 script again with the
  "--a=delete" option to remove unused data from the DB.
     The things that are changed in this part of the upgrade are:
       o Journal references are moved from the Revision table to a separate
         table.
       o An additional table is created for the enhanced security model
       o The CanAdministrate field is set for the primary admin account
       
       
     The second change that may require user intervention in this upgrade
  relates to the help files. Previously the help text was stored in docdb.hlp.
  Now, there are two files, both of which are XML. DocDBHelp.xml contains the
  default help for DocDB and should not be changed. ProjectHelp.xml contains
  help specific to your project. ProjectHelp.xml.template provides examples of
  how to construct ProjectHelp.xml. In ProjectHelp.xml, you can specify
  additional help that overrides, prepends, or appends to the default help
  text.
  
     The third change regards administration priveledges. Currently the account
  name of the administrator is hard coded and must agree between the SQL DB and
  the wegb/.htaccess users. In the new scheme, the ability to administer is
  stored in the DB itself, so any web/.htaccess account can administer (assuming
  the user knows the MySQL admin name and password.) If the web admin user is
  docdbadm (case insensitive) this is take care of for you. If it is something
  else, you need to edit the MigrateV3 script. 
  
     The v3.0 code does not use this new mechanism, but 3.1 will.    
  
  There are many other things changed in version 3 of DocDB, but those do not
  require intervention. 
  
  Several new configuration variables have been added to DocDB:
    $FirstYear         = 2000;     # Earliest year that documents can be created
    @MeetingMajorTopics    = ("Collaboration Meetings","Other Meetings");
    @ConferenceMajorTopics = ("Conferences");
